so a couple of quick announcements so
we're starting our coaching program
i mean sorry our coaching program has
been full for a couple of weeks now
um we're releasing a bunch of spots on
november 9th
um for those of you guys who don't know
what our coaching program is
so it's not a medical treatment right so
if we think about
medical treatment is like
anti-depression right like that's what
the medications are called
antidepressants coaching is like sort of
pro happiness or like
pro moving forward in life so it's not
necessarily about fixing what's broken
it's more about getting unstuck getting
unparalyzed
working on your motivation thinking
about understanding your emotions and
what holds you back
digging into problematic behaviors like
clinginess
or like other kinds of like self
conceptions that you have that
prevent you from moving forward a good
example is like if i can't get into
harvard i'm not gonna apply to college
like that sort of thinking right
where we want to help you guys
understand that and help you take a step
forward
and so that's really what our coaching
program is about it turns out that our
coaching program does actually happen to
improve
depression and anxiety and it's not like
a direct clinical effect it's more
through helping people live build
and live like more fulfilling lives and
then depression and anxiety just start
to get better
as you start to build confidence about
yourself that's what our coaching
program's about
how you doing man good i woke up with
these two lines under my eyes i can't
tell if they're wrinkles or i slept
wrong
take a look at these things you see that
on my right eye
what do you mean the bagginess under the
right eye yeah maybe you're right i
can't see where i'm poked well here
let me see can y'all see yeah this
yo look at these things yeah these
wrinkles like am i permanently going to
have these
no not necessarily so bagginess under
the eye could be um actually a sign of
like inflammation right so if you've got
allergies for example um
i mean it could be a wrinkle but usually
that looks like your eyes are puffy
yeah that just it just happened this
morning i woke up
and it was there do you have allergies
yeah yeah i do so are they bad at this
time of year
like usually cedar fever you're in
austin right
yeah yeah yeah so cedar fever can get
bad during this time of year
do you have are your allergies acted
uh i don't know okay
uh are they like telltale signs
yeah so like stuffy nose you know
post nasal drip stuff in your throat
things like that
um no i mean yeah i
i wouldn't i wouldn't worry too much
about it train but if you're really
concerned and it persists you can always
go see a doctor
well you know i have
look at this wait can you see it no you
can't
oh look yeah look how many gray hairs i
have
the gray hairs are coming in do you see
this this is
insane i have so many gray hairs now i
have two wrinkles below my right eye
i think i'm i'm getting old
and how do you feel about that
well the hair part i kind of like
i'm kind of i think i look good
yeah it makes you look distinguished
yeah i think in a gray
mature yeah it would well mature
not mature mature i like that that's
yeah
that could be oh my god i can make a
brand of clothing
and make it more expensive and do like
you know
the ape gang merch mature and put an
apostrophe on one of the letters
yeah you feel me beautiful yeah i i feel
you i mean that's you know
yeah yeah wow but yeah the gray hair
look great people with black hair or
dark hair call it mature
and once you start turning gray it's
mature
my tour i like that mature couture
yeah there it is look at the ideas
flowing
looks like mine's so sharp yeah
maybe i guess we'll see i just kind of
uh
yeah yeah damn hopefully yeah
i think the eye thing is going to go
away i've had you slept wrong yeah
i think i'm pretty sure like i think i
slept and that's actually an imprint of
like
maybe my sheets wrinkles i don't know
but maybe not
i don't think it sheets wrinkles i think
it's more likely to be like some
low level of inflammation or puffiness
it looks like puffiness to me
more than anything else yeah my dad gets
that puffiness stuff so
that could be what it is yeah yeah
so yeah um train what is there something
in particular you want to talk about
today i mean i know we
we've had a couple of conversations yeah
i think this is like the uh
in a way i guess this this may come off
no i don't know but say it bro yeah
perfect
yeah i think uh this is like the
the memoirs yeah train wrecks tv you
know we have story one story two and now
we're on
day three you know and one day it'll be
day 100
you know and and you know like all human
beings
when you know i yeah let's
i don't know uh yeah yeah so
yeah go ahead tell me about so so tell
me about
what you know where did we kind of leave
off i know we sort of started talking
about your family a little bit but
what are we going to discuss in in day
three
um we could i think i think we're going
to get into the uh
i think we're going to get into the
juicy i think oh yeah i think we're
gonna start into the
i think we're gonna get deeper i think
you had asked last time at the end
for me to get into the like the bullying
of school and then what led to drug use
and then that's something i think that's
where we left off
right so yeah i think i think so too i
wasn't sure exactly where we were going
but i remember that we had sort of been
uh kind of like a little bit we done an
overview
and then we were going to kind of tunnel
down so can you tell me about the
bullying
well before we go there we have to you
know kind of open the
you know we you know if we just go into
it right
now i feel like it's going to be this
very cold thing
first i got to ask you how have you been
i've been
doing well man i think um so i like the
weather
you know so i really like um i took like
a hour-long walk last night
and it was just really nice um
i think personally
[Music]
you know it's interesting so i think
we've done a lot of good things
and yet i find myself um
noticing a lot of problems in what we do
so and i i mean i think this is good
it's all progress but i i feel pretty
excited actually because i'm finally
getting to do
some of the things that i really wanted
to do and what i mean by that is when
you know when i
when we started streaming on twitch so i
started working with rando gamers
and then really enjoyed that and then
started to notice themes
right so okay these guys are like they
think they're all they all think they're
lazy but they're actually not lazy
um so that's like a good example of one
everyone thinks they lack motivation but
they don't
lack motivation it's just plugged up and
they it can't shine through
yes i think i think a lot can actually
apply to that i think uh
i think there's a lot of things that the
general public
um kind of diagnoses streamers with
not realizing that it's it's not
actually the case it's it's not like a
result of who they are it's more of a
result of
the streaming and and if you mix a
streaming in with any individual
it'll happen to anybody even the most
right like so a good example of that
would be
i think for some reason everybody
is a sociopathic narcissist on twitch
and i i can maybe see to some certain
degree maybe
like but i don't think that's the case
but for some reason like the general
viewer base likes to assert that
that like diagnosis onto like every
streamer
does that make any sense and i've never
i mean i understand it because i can see
which ones
might be but the majority that they
diagnose
i don't think are at all why do you
think yeah why do you think
they think that oh they say it i know
but but why do you think they say that
why do you think they think that what do
they see that causes them or what
what drives them to come to that
conclusion they i think they see the uh
so i think they see like a generalized
symptom but they don't realize that it
you know it's kind of like you know if
you get a
let's say you get a sinus infection
right and you're getting like a
tightening in your chest congestion
right and
you decide to go to webmd and you type
in
chest uh chest tightness and congestion
and then you know three results one says
sinus infection
and then two results say can you know
cancer and then the other one says
whatever the [ __ ] right like for some
reason people want to believe the more
extreme ones
yeah yeah something like that right so i
think it's just like they see like a
generalized symptom
and they just automatically attribute it
to
what's the symptom that they see i i
think it's a it's a good
it's a really i think it's a frankly
sophisticated
approach i think oftentimes we confuse a
symptom with a diagnosis
um yeah and and so i'm with you that i
don't think that the majority of
streamers are sociopathic narcissists
oh no not at all i can't i've yeah i can
see
how by virtue of being a public figure
you exhibit some of the signs that
narcissists would
exhibit right like there would be some
symptoms about
you know things like i mean
self-promotion and like building a brand
is like actually part of your job
which can appear a lot like narcissism
for example
um yes but what do you what do you think
it is that they see that makes them
think that it's like
like narcissists like what's the symptom
that
what's the symptom that makes them
assign that diagnosis i think the main
symptom that people confuse
for narcissism mainly is
confidence i think there is a huge
huge huge lack of confidence amongst the
general
like viewer that watches twitch and i
think
as a gamer that they have they've set
some sort of
some sort of thing that every gamer
needs to be
and if any gamer passes that threshold
of confidence and they have to be a
narcissistic sociopath
but i i think they fail to like realize
that what you see you know the
confidence that you may see
when they're in their environment of
streaming or gaming
you can't assume that that's their
everyday state or every second state
right like does that make any sense yeah
i think people failed oh yeah go ahead
yeah no go for it finish yourself i
think people i think people fail
to consider like what happens off stream
right like
in that confidence in order to have true
confidence in my opinion
you have to have a level of awareness of
your own insecurities
you have to understand that they're
going to be there always and that
they're
that they're there and everyone has them
and
i think that that's a big portion or
that's part that's a big part of the
formula to get to a level of confidence
it's
it's it's accepting your insecurities
and knowing that they're there and kind
of just making peace with them
but i think some a lot of people that
are more like inexperienced they think
confidence is not having any
insecurities
which is just wrong in my opinion so
does that make any sense yeah
sort of um i i think uh i i find myself
kind of being curious about your
personal experience as opposed to
abstractions
so when you say like they don't see what
happens off stream
right so you're let me just lay out what
i understand
okay from what you're saying so you're
saying that
a lot of times people judge streamers
for being sociopathic narcissists
that the narcissism why do they think
that
it's because they see something like
confidence
and they kind of like confuse confidence
and narcissism
and that streamers don't i mean
the audience doesn't really account for
what happens offstream in the streamer's
life which i completely
understand but what i'm curious about is
like
what happens offstream that as it
relates to this
bucket of like narcissism and confidence
i think the same thing that well not the
same exact thing but just relative to
each person's life
i think similar things that are
happening in every viewer's lives that
they they think the streamer doesn't see
right i think the streamer's life is
kind of like how
we view a an actor's life or a
sports player's life or just these
instagram pictures of the happiest
couples lives i think
a lot of people make the mistake and
they see this loved streamer that's
loved by many and
that's making so much money and you know
talking with such confidence but they
they failed to think about what's you
know all the intricacies and all the
[ __ ] that's like they're what i'm trying
to say is everyone's the same like all
of us have our time where we're going
off stream we're doubting ourselves
we're thinking did we make the right
decision did we not make the right
decision
did i do this well did i not do this
well right and that people don't realize
that
when you're on camera sometimes you have
to be strong
for the crew for the community right but
people
mistaken that it's it's like it's like
they haven't thought
far enough to realize okay let's say he
comes on and he acts
or and he is insecure and doubting and
this and this and that right
now the only people that that would make
happy are the ones that want to see you
fail and need to see you in that state
so you can't ever you can't ever uh
cater to that
because those people the fact they want
to see you in that state
that's a reflection of their own
insecurity right they need to see you
there or below in order for themselves
to feel better so they're not there for
the caring of you
they're there to find some sort of
short-term cure for themselves
and then you have the other factor you
need to be strong for those of
for the ones that are weak right and
then those ones you're strong but then
you give this other effect off that
you're coming off as everything's great
and
you know blah blah blah does that make
any sense it's a
i think one of them is the greater and
the other
i don't know does that make any sense
yep i think that the reason that it's a
lose-lose is because at the end of the
day you're being false
yeah and i think a lot of people yeah i
agree with you
so the question that i have trained is
like
why do you have to be strong for someone
weak if that's not really what you are
you're almost implying that you know
strength is a mask that you put on for
your audience
why can't you be weak
you can be but there's a time and place
okay i mean
here's the thing
here's the thing okay hear me out here
okay
so
the way i go about it
is a little different i think
i just kind of wear my like
yeah i kind of just wear my emotions on
my sleeve in a way
kind of i'm a little closed off but i
don't know actually
but i definitely show like for me like i
was talking about like what i see
generally for me for my stream i think i
you know when i'm feeling sad or down or
whatever i think i'm pretty open with my
chat
and they know when i'm you know in that
mood when i'm feeling good i feel good
right i think
i'm more so referring to
this is why i say on my stream don't put
me on a pedestal i'm just like you
right i try to i try to give that off as
much as i can
i think the main reason like i think
what i'm trying to say is
the main reason i think that those
things that we're talking about come
across and everyone labels every
streamer as that
because they fail to realize that we're
just like them we make the same mistakes
you know we [ __ ] like them we fart like
them we have our disgusting habits like
them we have our good habits like them
we last two seconds in bed like them
some days we last long some days some
days we have no sex at all some days we
do have sex some days we're just as
lonely right
i think people like attribute
wrong things to people just because
they have fame or money right obviously
not to the level of like actors and
stuff but this is like more like a c
level c class whatever the [ __ ] but does
that make any sense
yes what i'm trying to say is uh go
ahead what is it like
to be what i'm hearing you basically say
is that they don't
judge you fairly oh well for me it's
content i just
you know what do you mean content oh you
know i have a couple row sessions
well what what i didn't quite follow you
there but let me
try to reiterate yeah um so
what i what i'm hearing you say is that
you know you guys get
judged as streamers for being
sociopathic narcissists and the problem
is that people don't see
the rest of you right and that you guys
are just like everyone else but you get
judged in a different way that you [ __ ]
you finish in bed fast some days slow
some days
you're lonely some days you're not
lonely other days
completely get it right and you say
don't put on a pedestal
and yet what i'm hearing you say is that
you know despite you sending that
message
people do treat you differently right
they do put you on a pedestal
or they put you under their crosshairs
right that they project their
insecurities on you and things like that
that's
that's kind of well to be fair in a way
there are some people so the pedestal
thing is just what i do i do the
pedestal thing to be fair i don't think
anybody really follow
i think people want to be put on a
pedestal right so that's kind of
something i do in my stream i say don't
put them in a pedestal
but i think the i think others they they
want the benefits of the pedestal
but then when it comes to the
responsibility taking responsibility of
the other half of being on put on a
pedestal they don't want that part
i don't want either of them because i
know if if i don't want the bad parts i
can't have the good parts right
and if i want the good parts i have to
accept the bad parts so i just say
listen don't put me on a pedestal
i'm just like you i'm gonna make a
mistake next week i might say some [ __ ]
that might cancel all of us
you know don't think i'm this pg-13
figure that is some sort of robotic
[ __ ]
you know uh inhumane thing i'm not right
so that's me i think a lot of people
want to grab the good and then not have
the bad of the pedestal part
so that's on them but i think that's one
of the reasons
i think that needs so it's not just a
viewer thing it's it's a both thing
streamers kind of
take that they encourage it yeah and
they don't
push back real does that make sense they
don't realize that
if you don't want to take responsibility
for the bad parts of being put on a
pedestal you can't
encourage and take the good parts and
then as soon as the bad happens you kind
of step away and say oh this isn't fair
so i think it's something that both
viewers and instruments need to come
together and they need to communicate
and be more open about
in order for the viewers to not just see
them as like a computer screen or some
rich famous guy that's playing games
they would just see him as themselves so
train i
i noticed that you know if i just pay
attention to the
the you know the subject of a lot of the
sentences
that you use you're talking about
streamers but then you actually say that
you don't fall into that
bucket in a lot of ways i'm hearing that
like so for example you say
a lot of people do want to be on a
pedestal i don't want to be
on a pedestal you know i feel like a lot
of people want the good and don't want
the bad whereas i recognize you can't
have the good
without the bad so yeah i don't want to
have it
and and so what i'm curious about is i
mean we can talk kind of hypothetically
about
streamers but frankly i don't know what
to make of that right so what i tend to
get curious about is like
you know what's in the mind of the
person who thinks that all streamers are
sociopathic narcissists
what's what's in the mind of the
streamer
who is on the receiving end of
other people thinking that they're a
sociopathic narcissist
and so what i'm really curious about is
like what's in your mind
and we can talk generally about
streamers but i don't i don't know how
much we can learn
or i mean i think we learned a lot but i
think you can offer a richness of
information if we're talking about you
that we can't get
if we're hypothesizing about other
people
true okay
so so i was just using this as a warm-up
conversation to get my brain fluids
flowing but yeah
i'll answer that and then we'll go into
the actual juicy part of round three of
the dr k trainwrx tv talk so to answer
your question
um
what's going on in the minds of
the viewer that's asserting
or that's making that diagnosis or
whatever it's called
i i guess i i don't know but i would if
i made a
guess i would say it's
so from the viewers side i would say
it's some sort of insecurity of their
own
where that where the where instead of
just viewing the person as as they are
and enjoying them as they are
and realizing that they're not going to
like every single person if they don't
like them they should just move along
and
see a new person i think i think they
need to
i think that they need that diagnosis
to be true like that's their way
of shaping the streamer they're watching
like they don't want to leave because
they like them but
there's something of that person that
makes them feel away and the only way
they can make that feeling go away or
justify that feeling and stay there
is to assert those diagnoses onto them
in order for them to rationalize why
they're perceiving the behavior that
they're
like attributing or whatever the word is
they're using as a rationalization to
stay and watch
by minimizing them and putting
themselves greater does that
does that make any sense that that's
what i would guess possibly as the view
i completely agree i mean i i think so
there's something really interesting if
you look at
um you know eastern theories of the mind
one of the things that they say is that
the ego is a protective mechanism and
the ego
helps you when you're feeling sad or
vulnerable or emotionally hurt
by putting pumping yourself up or
putting other people down
yes right so yes i can feel better about
myself if i put other people down
and this is one of the really
interesting things is i've been
exploring why people are so toxic
towards celebrities and and streamers
i think one of the interesting things
that i realized is that
you know if you put an ant down
you don't your ego doesn't get a whole
lot if you put a peer down
your ego gets more if you
take someone who's above you down a
notch
then your ego gets a lot and if you
topple someone who's at the top of a
pedestal
well then you get to feel really good
about yourself
yeah and so it's really interesting um
and you know just as a side note train i
can't i'm gonna troll you here a little
bit let me know if you you know this is
offensive but
nothing's offensive if you're wondering
you know maybe why people think
you come across as narcissistic what i'm
hearing from you say
oh i know what it is
well i'll be honest with you
i mean just look at me right now my legs
are crossed i mean look at me like i'm
sitting here as if
you know i mean i see it myself i feel
like
i'm almost offending myself by looking
at myself like i just look like
i don't know i look aggressive i look
aggressively confident as if i figured
life out and i know what i'm talking
about i don't mean to come off that way
i don't think
i think i know nothing right now i'm to
be honest i'm insecure about half the
[ __ ] i've said the last 30 minutes but
when i'm looking at my physical features
in the outside shell it looks like i
think
i've said everything because i know it's
correct and if you disagree you're gone
that's the way i look to myself but on
the inside i've actually been insecure
about the last 30 minutes of what i've
been saying because honestly
i'm so kind of i'm so foggy and gloomy
or uh
just so i'm just waking up i don't know
what the [ __ ] i've been seeing the last
30 minutes
right so that's what's inside but the
outside i'm looking at myself it looks
like i have figured the world out and
i'm just telling you
what i'm telling you is god's grace and
you should you know be happy i've been
speaking that's what
that's what i look like to me when i'm
speaking but the inside of actually
insecure about what i've been saying i'm
like what the [ __ ] am i saying right now
holy [ __ ]
does that make sense you feel entirely
too much okay can i do one thing real
quick yeah
i have to use the restroom real quick is
that go for it okay
and i'll gather my thoughts i'm so sorry
no no
dude call of nature bro i'm back sorry
about that no problem man
yeah you know that uh that hot tea just
went through and
you know i just took the longest pee of
my life
yeah no i'm just kidding i i i yeah i
yeah you know i i don't like talking
about this because
you know i i still you know uh
listen chat i took a [ __ ] okay get over
it
and it was good it was one it was one of
those where you know honestly i wish i
could have sat there for another 45
minutes
you know and just just really just wrote
it out you know what i'm talking about
it's one of those that
i almost wish i could have sucked back
in and redid it
it was that good does that make any
sense yeah that sounds
yeah yeah i've never heard anyone say
that but yeah i too
experienced i i enjoy sitting on the pot
you know after doing a number two and
and actually it's a very um
physiologically intensive process
yeah you know well i want to know that
some time like recover from
it so yeah but anyways so back to where
we're
i'm a lot more clear now so actually you
go ahead i think you're going to respond
go ahead
yeah so i was just going to say you know
it's interesting because you say when
you look at yourself
you see a guy who comes across as
arrogant yeah
and which is interesting because what
you feel is insecure
and i don't think you come across as
arrogant at all man i think you come
across as pretty chill and pretty
genuine at least that's how i perceive
you i don't think you're
you know you're not like claiming to be
you know the the source of wisdom and
knowledge in the world in fact quite the
opposite you're
you're owning that you're just one guy
and you're like everyone else and and
everything else you're kind of sitting
back you're relaxed
you're kind of chilling and and i think
the interesting thing is that
i don't think it's a coincidence that
your feeling of insecurity
coexists with your judgmental perception
of yourself
right so if we think about it so you
perceive yourself as someone who's
falsely confident or
overly confident or look at this guy who
who looks like he knows what he's
talking about
yes and when you say it's it's
interesting because if you really tunnel
down into that that language
looks like he knows what he's talking
about
yep and that looks like actually is
rooted in your own secure
insecurity train well if if i may expand
on what i meant by that
so you you
you are you know wise you have
experience you know and
you're a little older than the j you
know than an average viewer of twitch
right so it's not
so when i tell you that i look at myself
and that's what i see
it's not because it's what i feel about
myself
it's because what i've that's what i've
been told
that i look like ever since
middle school and that's one of the
general re that's actually probably the
main
i honestly believe and this this is a
fact
this isn't some victim card thing that i
know they love to say victim card
this is this is a fact and anyone who
doesn't admit this by this point on
twitch based on everything that's gone
on
is just in denial i'm vilified no matter
what i do
so it's it's that vilification
that that's where it stems from right
it's the voice it's the mixture of the
way i look the way i come off
so when i say i look this way it's not
that i truly believe i look that way to
me the way i look is completely
normal and average like anybody else now
i understand
i have some protruding features i mean
there's this one time that stuck with me
since now
i went to a doctor and the doctor tried
to convince my parents to
go to undergo a surgery to shave down my
protruding
bones in my face to have a more uh uh
well-liked appearing face like a more
trusting face rather than like a warrior
bones protruding so a doctor tried
telling my mom to do that
and my mom yeah my mom said no and i'm
happy she said no because [ __ ] that
right
you're beautiful shane and thank you
thank you and people told me to get you
know
no surgeries i said hell no you know i i
love my nose you know like i i love
myself i have a love for myself you know
and it doesn't go into this like
narcissistic thing like i just i
appreciate
you know the way i look i do think i'm
the best looking on twitch that's not a
meme you know it's half meme to kind of
ease it into people's minds but i'm my
family best looking
right these things are what i believe
it's not that i think i look this way
it's that i've learned that when i speak
for some reason these things are
attributed to me and people
since middle school and this will go
into the bullying stories people
need me to be a certain thing like they
need me to be the villain or whatever
they see
they need me to be that otherwise i
can't be accepting their
like i don't know if it's out of a fear
that's like instilled in them where i
need to be ripped down and teared down
and
so it's just it's just been continuous
that right and i'll give you examples of
that um
here later on we go to the bullying
stuff but so that's what i mean when i
say
i i've slowly understood where they're
coming from because
when i look at myself i
when i put myself into when i try to put
myself into someone that doesn't know me
i mean this part isn't an insecurity
part i think it's just true right if i
were to see let's say a chance on the
soda puppet on the street right i'd be
like yeah i don't want to approach him
i'd be like hey what's up man you need
help with that
but if i saw me on this trip like damn
if i say the wrong thing i'm gonna get
punched in the face
like that that's just like i think it's
just a common like instinctual thing
right like if you see someone that has
this like
more protruding face you know kind of
you know he looks
angry because of his extreme passionate
facial features
you know he gets he gets into an
argument he can't just talk normal tone
he has to start yelling
but i'm not actually yelling i'm just
excited but since i have a deep voice
it's coming across like
i'm doing a battle cry right so these
things that
i for the longest time didn't realize
but these things
are what people kind of see and since
they don't know me
that's kind of their first impression
that they assert
does that make any sense that's just
kind of what i gathered i'm not saying
they're right to do it
because i i don't think they are but
it's just what i've accepted to just be
the baseline
to be vilified no matter what you do
well it's kind of funny
because it's been this way since the
beginning
now am i saying that i'm a perfect human
being and i don't deserve to be
criticized or held accountable for
things no i definitely think i should be
held accountable for a lot of things i
think i made a lot of mistakes
i think that i will continue to make
mistakes
but it's weird because because it's been
this way for so long for me
it's like my bod my myself has adapted
to now when i'm not vilified
when i go through bouts of acceptance
i'm bored i'm content i've lost
motivation
it's almost as if my body has adapted
where i need to be hated and doubted
in order to to to to to to progress
and i'll give you an example of that um
earlier this year
um there was the australian wildfires
and we did a charity for them
and i think for the first time in a long
time it was like two days
where it was just pure peace everyone's
like oh train
good thing he did ignore everything else
good thing great thing good job train
and there was nothing like it was like
like i should you know i was happy i was
i was happy that i was being accepted
finally or whatever but
i was kind of i was like damn what now
you know and i didn't do it for that
reason i did it because
a lot of my community is from australia
so i knew that the fires were
you know impacting their lives and i
knew that it was you know [ __ ] their
[ __ ] up and they would talk about in my
chat so i thought you know
we kind of do it for the core community
and for the people
but that little two days of just
acceptance i was like damn what now
it's like my body couldn't or my mind
couldn't
it's got i gained this adaptive trait
over the last like 15 years where i
needed to be doubted
hated and vilified in order to progress
and prove people wrong does that make
any sense
makes a lot of sense so what do you why
do you think that's an adaptation
so if we think about an adaptation an
adaptation allows us
to succeed in a particular environment
right so what is the adaptation like
what right so you like you've taken
the negative energy directed towards you
and you use it as fuel that's what i'm
hearing
yes yes right
yeah can i think for a second
please do yeah
so what what happened after the
wildfires like did you do something to
become
vilified once again because people
thought you were like a decent person
and then you kind of
you say you get bored then what happens
oh it just goes back to a baseline what
is the baseline though
the baseline's just the vilified the
vilified thing or it's kind of just like
is that but how do people vilify you or
is there something that triggers
their hatred
i think that
um i definitely say
some stupid [ __ ] i'll do so i'll
um yeah i mean
yeah i i think i say some pretty dumb
[ __ ] i think you know there's times
where i say some stupid [ __ ] there's
times where i you know
have a little laugh with my friends or
i'll have opinions that don't match the
uh
you know popular opinion can you give me
an example of what
what you described as a dumb shift that
you say
um i think there is so since there are
so many people watching
i think there's a disconnect between
like uh with context
right so if i'm talking to like my
community and we're just like making a
joke or i'm just talking to them and
just clowning around
that that could be clipped and obviously
unless you're there in that moment and
you can pick up the last two hours of
context you're gonna see that as
what the [ __ ] is this guy saying like
this is some stupid [ __ ] how could you
say that right
um so i think that leads to a lot of
things and
i think the main part is so
i think that
it's just there's no benefit to the
doubt given
right so i think uh for example right
let's say
a buddy of mine chants he says some soda
pop and he says some
dumb [ __ ] it kind of goes nah it's just
chance he doesn't mean [ __ ] right
but if i say some dumb [ __ ] that's out
of context there's no like there's no
digging and looking at the context
there's no seeing what was it about it's
like
they need to believe that it is the
worst possible thing that i could mean
does that make sense and i think that
comes from the base level
why do they believe that about you why
do they give chance the benefit of the
doubt but they don't give you the
benefit well
i genuinely believe i genuinely think
it's that halo effect thing
right what is that halo effect what does
that mean
the you know i don't know that term
oh it's like i think
this is tough to say because no one's
gonna ever
i think it comes down from the way that
you come across
right i think uh a buddy of mine poke
him and i did this test one stream
where we talked beforehand and there was
this like graph we both saw
and we didn't tell the stream and
there's this graph of like a face that's
like more trusting
that people can be okay with them being
successful or better or having a better
car or a better house or better
girlfriend they're okay they're like
please do we
will even support you more if you have
it and there's a face where
if you even have one thing better you
have to be torn down to the ground
and me and poke saw this graph and we
realized like we're sitting at the exact
opposites
of like like he's on this face i'm on
this face and kind of laughed at it
and then we like did this a little test
and
the reaction was perfect it was like it
was the per it was exactly what we
thought and what the like graph would
say it would be
right whereas like one face looks more
like it just needs to be torn down and
needs to be like
devoured and the other face every
benefit the doubt given every
credibility given even more
credibility given than even uh deserved
right
so it's kind of like those two
polarizing spectrums of the way you come
across
does that make sense yeah
so train i'm a little bit
so i'm in a fork in the road yeah go
ahead
so i have a couple of random thoughts
that are sort of starting to come
together in a hypothesis
perfect please please let me finish
and then the other thing though is that
i'm wondering whether it's
better to hold on to the hypothesis from
now
for now and talk to you a little bit
about bullying
because i think that'll probably flesh
the hypothesis out
okay or i can kind of you know
jump to a conclusion it's not really a
conclusion because it's not really
well-formed it's just like
data points that i think it's kind of
like a constellation right like
i see these couple data points and
someone's like that's an archer and it's
like it's just a random
scattering of points right so the archer
is what i'm
making out of these data points and
that's really unfair
and i really am so with with some people
i would just jump out and i would say
hey here's like maybe what's going on
but let's just think about
what you're telling us what you're
telling us is that people don't give you
the benefit of the doubt what you're
telling us is that
someone looks at one constellation of
stars and
if it's sodapoppin they say that's a
birthday cake and if it's you
that's a tombstone right like and so
it's interesting because that's that's
accurate yeah so now i have to be really
careful because
i would normally consider sharing this
with you but if we really think about
what your actual
what you're telling us is that like
people don't give you the benefit of the
doubt so there's a part of me that wants
to kind of pull back and say
let me really make sure let me give you
the benefit of the doubt let me
ask you a few more questions let's get
into it and then maybe i can
share this with you at the end but i
really leave it up to you
because you know it's what you want to
do why don't we start with the
good the the juicy stuff where we left
off for around two we'll tend to round
three because
because i don't think to be honest
i don't feel like i explained everything
i explained to you right now
as a perfect representation of what i
believe i think some of it was just kind
of filler because i couldn't think of
the right stuff
so i don't feel too confident in an
analysis like of that of me
so let's start with the round three the
round three of our talk based on where
we left off
and then it goes into exactly what we're
just talking about but i think
if i can explain to you through my
experience and through actual example
you can actually get a better
understanding of what i'm saying because
i think the way i'm describing it is
just so
it's just so all over the place that at
this point i'm not even recognizing what
i'm describing to you as being myself
anymore so
yeah let's start with the round two the
the round three stuff we'll start and at
the end you can
i'd love to hear actually cool examples
cool
yeah okay so we can let's start
let's start end of elementary school
okay so end of elementary school so
fifth grade to sixth grade from fifth
grade you're in a different school
sixth grade is middle school so you
switch schools entirely and you get into
a different whole different bracket
just explain this because some people
have you know things that are mixed from
k1 to 12th grade
it's elementary school i remember i was
uh you know
i was still a kid when i say kid
i'm talking kid i'm talking zero
awareness of
hygiene for myself and my parents still
tell me you know
zero awareness style zero awareness of
what's
in music wise blah blah fifth grade i go
into sixth grade
i'm still wearing my short shorts i
still have my
i still remember the shirt i had on
first day of school it was this little
fish shirt that had a
hole in it because the the teachers
hamster in fifth grade
that i held in my hand actually nibbled
through my shirt i wore that shirt to
school as a fish
short shorts glasses you know probably
bad breath because i didn't brush my
teeth that morning
a couple of pimples and i remember going
to school everyone
everyone kind of i don't know what the
word is assimilated or they kind of just
went into the style you know everyone
knew how to dress the you know the
basketball shorts below your knees
short socks instead of long white socks
you know actual lace shoes instead of
velcroed ones
everyone kind of knew and i wanted to
school with one best friend
and that best friend's name was tyler
that was my name and i remember the
first day of school
everyone kind of looked at me laughed
you know and
i had one best friend that i like
trusted he was my best friend from
childhood all the way up to sixth grade
and there was this other kid
that was like a baseball prospect he was
looking to be like on the baseball team
first year everyone was talking about
him in the leagues
his name was ryan now i remember uh
sixth grade or my first lunch
i got my lunch and everyone's kind of
somehow everyone knew each other i don't
know how they could know each other i
don't know if there was some event
outside of school that they all knew
each other beforehand
but anyways i found tyler and tyler's
with sitting with ryan and other people
and
at that point i'm you know already
feeling insecure
i'm feeling terrible i'm feeling
unwelcome
and i'm thinking i have one good friend
so i go up to him and i'm ready to sit
with him and he looks at me and he's
like
you can't sit with me and i kind of just
like i was kind of in shock
and he said a couple other mean things
and then all the friends laughed and
then from that
from that day on for the rest of sixth
grade i ate my bathroom alone
in in this in the bathroom like i ate my
food alone in the bathroom alone
and that kind of started a big that was
like the start to everything
that was the start to like that was the
start i would even say to the to my
brand on stream
um the squad w the double standard
and i'll get to that a little later so
anyways i i i go through sixth grade
like that eat my bathroom
i eat my food in the bathroom and
you know that came with its own thing
you know i would be eating
usually i'd be crying in there and i'd
have that little you know
that deep pain in my chest kind of
feeling and i'd end up just
not eating because i'd be full after
that but that was for that entire year
seventh grade came along and
in seventh grade there was this girl
that was in
sixth grade that was seen by the entire
school as the hardest girl in the school
now for some reason this girl she saw me
and she didn't want anyone else she just
wanted me
but i was just so like i was still so
mature i was so hated i was even more
insecure
and keep in mind in this is gonna be
really hard to believe but in middle
school
i had this deep a voice this this voice
you're hearing i had this voice
and i remember and i know i'm not
misremembering cause i remember
specific teachers to this day that still
commented on my voice's deepness
at that age
so anyways
so this girl kind of saw me looked at me
and she liked me i didn't know how
but she did and you know i never made
anything of it
i kind of just stayed friends and then
you know um i believe
i want to say
um so i rode the same bus as her best
friend and her best friend would always
like kind of tell me and talk to me and
i'll get into that i can bring this back
up yeah but her best friend kind of
uh related to me right but i was at that
point i was like
so nervous and insecure and shy that it
was as if she was talking to a wall
i just didn't i didn't really absorb it
or i thought it was just
some sort of plot against me at that
point with like how much i got [ __ ]
with
so anyways 7th grade comes along i
forgot
when 911 happened to this time
but i did 9 11 in sixth grade or fifth
grade
2001 i mean anyways seventh grade comes
along
and you know i'm pershing i'm iranian so
the 911 thing in in in that
yeah in arizona right it didn't matter
if you're
you know iranians completely separate
from
everything else like it's different
language different ethnicity different
everything
but they didn't care right iran sounds
like iraq that's just what it was
for them in that school so i remember
there was this kid
shane um he was kind of the redneck
kind of of the school and he was proud
of it like he would say that stuff
and i remember he uh made comments that
my parents
blew up the building they were in the
plane blah blah blah or like my parents
brothers were on the plane and
my parents are responsible and this
other guy named chris set up the fight
between me and that kid and that kid was
the cool kid of the school he was in the
cool kid group he was the wrestler
and i was you know the soccer player and
the loser
and chris set up the fight and long
story short we met up in the bathroom
and i ended up breaking his nose and
in that moment that three minutes that
one punch that broke his nose
everything changed suddenly because i
because of one punch that isn't
reflective of my character isn't
reflective of who i am
it is it has nothing to do with
who i want to be what i think i am my
emotions
what i want to see in the world there's
no depth to it nothing
but because of a simple punch suddenly
the entire population of girls wanted me
suddenly all the guys wanted me to sit
at their table and be friends with them
and at that time i couldn't understand
how i could sit there and go through
what i went through relative to my life
for those one and a half years
and then a single punch to one person's
face that's clearly in the wrong as
being racist
is all that it takes for me to be loved
by all
accepted by all right it made no sense
to me and you know that this will lead
on to
my brand and squad w and everything else
so anyways uh that happens i end up uh
you know i i get carried away a little
bit into it all
and but i don't forget the girl that
liked me before it all
and i kind of just stuck with her eighth
grade comes along
i'm sorry can you see that that last
part again what about that oh i i stuck
with so i
i ended up choosing the girl that was
with me for all of the [ __ ] right
so she liked me before the punch and now
that i punch someone all them want me
they want me to sit with them and hang
out with them and go to their little
kickbacks and parties
and this is the girl that was super hot
or no
yes it was the girl that liked me before
the punch it was the super hot so were
you dating her
uh we weren't dating we were still doing
our little
you know thing yeah yeah i would i would
well i did those on virginity at 13
which is middle school
so it's not this thing where it's middle
school we're just talking nothing
happening like the people were
definitely doing stuff
at least in my time in day and age you
know people are doing stuff that i guess
is weird to talk about now for some
reason but
um we're you know we were hooking up and
stuff but we were just kind of like
going slow
it was something you'd see out of like
some like teen wolf you know some
some mtv movie you know anyways
eighth grade comes along and i'm still
kind of riding out the punch you know
i'm still kind of the cool kid now
but you know i'm still friends with all
my friends
and at the end of eighth grade you know
i'm still
i live that life i have that year and a
half of
perspective that i've gained from being
the cool kid from
you know anything i say
um
i was definitely still insecure um
but i definitely did ride out
some of the benefits of the position of
being the cooler kid and
you know the feared kid or whatever the
hell the case might be
i wrote it out a little bit you know
obviously i was young i was
immature and you know i i definitely
wrote it out
you know it had its advantages and
almost had no disadvantages to be
completely honest
weird weird school is just weird high
school middle school is weird for some
reason
if you're the cool kid you already have
zero disadvantage until later in life
when you realize
that was your peak and it made you
content with everything so you had
no you know further ambition to move
higher up anyways
so anyways no it didn't happen to me and
because it's because i i'll tell you why
and this may have actually saved me in a
way but
so at the end of eighth grade i'm still
kind of the cool kid going around you
know
different schools are getting together
you know
i i'm like the i'm like the pillar of my
school and the other cool kids at other
schools we'd all get together party and
like it was just it was like a crazy
time anyways
so end of eighth grade my parents want
to move
now keep in mind i'm like this emo kid
so that was kind of my day and age i'm
this scene kid i've
you know girl pants on shirt jacket you
know
and you know i'm just
you know it's one girl after the other
because it was insane
right this was eighth [ __ ] grade so
like it was just
crazy awesome virginity that eighth
grade and
my parents want to move to different
city
so the city that i was in
was very culturally diverse there was
everyone
you know a lot of you know a lot of
black kids a lot of mexican kids a lot
of
middle eastern kids a lot of white kids
everyone just it's a big melting pot
just
mixed mixed mix mixed my parents want to
move
right we end up moving
we end up going over to which i guess
there was more background stories i
ended up losing my best friend because
of the move
but that's i guess that's irrelevant to
what we're talking about i guess there's
a piece of it but anyways
i'll just i'll skip that we'll get to
that later so we ended up moving
we're not moving to scottsdale
scottsdale arizona
now i end up going to the school um
yeah this is in eighth grade so you guys
move in the middle of eighth grade no no
we move at the end of it good so i moved
my first
freshman year of high school oh wow so
new high school new high school
new city new place no one knows me
move there and if there is any place
opposite of culturally diverse melting
pot type thing it is this
school that i went to it was called
chaparral high school
i think it is a rated school and it's in
the top 1200 for like america
for public schools now
this school's all white kids when i say
all white
i'm saying that like my junior year in
that school was probably the first time
i saw a black kid walk in the halls
or and then we had like two asian kids
like it was like that
everyone was white everyone there it was
the weirdest
experience and they were all like going
to that phase where they're gangster
white
but they all came from very rich
families right it was just a very very
different place and me walking in there
dressed the way i was dressed being the
way i was
it started all over and
the bullying so right
so i walk in no one knows me
i kind of just you know first day i'm
shy i don't carry over any of the
things from eighth grade and i just kind
of was myself
and it was just a crazy experience and
i remember freshman year you know uh
i got [ __ ] with a lot you know i for
me for me it was more so
the it was the it was the vocal
uh it was the emotional bullying that
i was kind of cursed with
um so i got so
i would get made funner for my big head
people would call me domer which
now it's been made into a meme and it's
a better thing but
they call me domer they call me t-rex
because of my protruding bones in my
face they'd say i look like a dinosaur
um you know all the things that you hear
today in twitch chat they said then
now it's kind of different so i'm okay
with it now
you know now i've kind of owned it um
you know typical stuff just ugly
unwanted [ __ ] like that and and in those
days you have to understand in those
days
there was no acknowledgement
for emotional abuse there was none it
was sticks and stones may break your
bones but words cannot hurt you and that
was accepted by
all everybody including myself right
so it was a different time there was no
awareness of that it was physical
bullying or no bullying and
later on we find out that emotional
abuse is even worse
but anyways it was just non-stop you
know girls would
point and laugh guys would point and
laugh they would throw food at me [ __ ]
like that
now and how did you feel about yourself
when
that kind of stuff would happen um
what did you understand like what's your
understanding about the world
and who you are and who they are
and
i was an idiot i
the more i got
[ __ ] with the better i wanted to be
[Music]
like to them i thought
maybe i don't know
you wanted them to like you i want i i
wanted them to like me but i also
i i have this weird thing in me and this
is how i am to this day where
you know right now you could punch me in
the face and we can we can get into a
fist fight
and right when that fist fight ends it's
like the slate is cleaned
like i i will go and buy you a burrito
we'll have a nice lunch together
right so after like a bout of emotional
abuse or bullying
i would do nice things for them
and it
confused them
but i didn't see it as anything bad
i saw it as i just kind of
accepted that that's just the way i came
off
that maybe like that's what i needed to
go through
in order to be seen
as like a i don't know
does that make any sense i'm not really
sure how to explain
i thought i needed to go through that
that was my
you know i thought maybe i i needed to i
don't know
does that make any sense yeah it almost
sounds to me like you felt on some level
you deserved it
it needed to happen right
yeah i use deserve in a loaded way
i know i know i know i know i didn't
take that in that yeah don't worry
i'm not i'm not
i guess i didn't under so it's crazy
because right now everything in my life
right now to this day my brand
everything i preach
it stems from those days
absolutely i just i i didn't understand
how
i didn't get how like the nice things
that you know
are nice things nice you know the
actions that
the good things that you do for people i
didn't get how those
didn't matter it's like people they talk
about them like they matter
they talk about how they want them how
they wish the world was like this
but when they see it happen
it's made fun of it's uncool the person
doing them is just a [ __ ] nerd loser
you know soy boy right whatever the [ __ ]
right
but it's the talk of wanting it that
people value more than the actual
getting it right so it's like all the
cool kids will talk about doing all the
good
but they'll just be [ __ ] douche bags
and dicks and superficial and
go do opposite if they talk and then
when there's somebody that's doing it
it doesn't matter if they're doing it no
one cares it's like it's the cool thing
to do is to talk about it
to share the idea to to spread the hope
through the talk but when someone
actually does it they're
i don't know it was just this weird
thing i learned this happened all the
way back then too
it was [ __ ] insane right uh
so it was uncool to be nice and good
for the second time yeah go ahead how
does it feel to be vilified no matter
what you do
right because that's what you're telling
me you're telling me that like
you know everyone talks about being nice
like something to aspire to
we in our talk we place value to it
and what i'm imagining is there's like a
a kid in 10th grade
man in 10th grade who
gets made fun of because of
the way your face looks and then
like what i'm hearing from you
overwhelmingly is that like you sort of
didn't
deserve what they did and and you could
have been an [ __ ] and they would have
made fun of you you could have said
nothing and they would have made fun of
you
well i said nothing yeah and then you
could you tried to be nice like you
tried to be a good person you tried to
be
what people aspire to right you tried to
become a good person and to be respected
and then they laughed at you and made
fun of you anyway well they hated it so
no matter what
if i can get to the end and then i'll
answer that because the end is so
important to everything
right okay and i've only had i think
when i get to the end and tell you
what i'm going to tell you i've only had
maybe three or four other people in my
life
be able to admit what this individual
admitted
and recently actually hafu is one of the
people that could
just be confident enough or i don't know
what the wording is but to admit it
that's why i respect the hell out of
when i really like hafu but
so long story short you know just
another four years of
just you know even on my soccer team
right i made varsity freshman year
and even there man you know
i got in in the soccer team they
actually physically bullied me right
like they would
coach wouldn't look it was something you
see out of a movie you know they would
trip me they would just
[ __ ] push me down kick me on the
ground and the coach would look back
around and
he would think that i'm the one horsing
around so i would get the laps
it was some just [ __ ] up [ __ ] but that
was just i just took that as what it was
not to mention i ended up taking
one of the senior player spots because i
ended up being the first leading goal
scorer for
in freshman year so that was more of i
just saw that as
you know the insecure kind of
like i said the talk over the action
thing anyways
i'm gonna skip past everything okay
there's a lot of detail in there but i
think
you get a good gist i don't need to make
this a pity party so senior year
why not because
because in my opinion by now i think
i think the people or you
based on what i've said they know what
i'm talking about
if you don't know what i'm talking about
at this point then the more i talk
you i feel like it's only gonna make you
understand through pity and feeling bad
and if you understand through pity and
feeling bad you don't
actually understand and there's no
actual solution that comes from it
all that comes from it is just the
feeling of feeling bad for the
individual
and giving them you know treating them
in a way because
you feel bad but you don't truly
understand what they went through right
does that make any sense man i could go
deeper into sophomore junior and senior
year
i could definitely you know the parties
the not being invited the
kind of being kicked out in front of
everybody because
you know i was never welcome in the
first place or i'm a loser like
things like that like i can go i mean
there's a lot of like rejection and
just you know what what i'm what i'm
curious about is why you're devaluing
pity
but anyway we can just we can go to the
end i'm just taking notes
i guess i devalue pity because
i don't know i was i was kind of
i don't know like i
for me it was there's you can't put your
head down in sulk
you can't pity you have to you know
instead think of a way you're going to
beat it
you know think of the think of the way
you're going to climb the mountain and
get over it you know if you sit there
and
you know just i don't know
you know for me that there was no i
didn't have my things solved by others i
had to solve them
right so i don't know does that make any
sense
yeah yeah it makes a lot of sense but
i think it's it's pity didn't help is
what i'm hearing
no pity i was
i've never been i've never been
i don't know what the word is i don't
want to say blessed
i've never had the accommodate i've
never had the luxury
of being pitied i've never like no one's
ever felt
no one's ever said oh poor you know he
doesn't you know minus my parents maybe
but like
you know no one's ever said oh damn man
like it's all good bro like you don't
deserve this
like you know keep your head up like one
day you'll be hungry and proof of them
wrong
that was never the case it's as if like
in a way
even the people who called me friends in
a way like
in the back their minds they enjoyed me
being put down
so like i just you feel if i said i pity
you
i guess in a way i feel insulted i think
so
does that make any sense you're just
just from like where i'm at
yep so i don't even think like i don't
even want the pity
you don't want the pity i completely
agree yeah what's insulting about it
how dare you that's what i that's
well yeah what's insulting about it is
what i went through where i'm at right
now i don't even see it as a bad thing
i'm glad i went through it i see it as a
strength
i i turned weakness
i turned i turned the destruction of
myself the the putting down of myself
into one of my greatest strengths and
into a fuel
that people who didn't have that life
can never taste and i'm not saying that
you need to have that life or it's a
good thing in my life it's not
but i just don't need anyone's pity
does that make any sense makes a lot of
sense
yeah so we'll circle back to that okay
we'll circle back to it okay so senior
year
i finally got to a place now keep in
mind i'm still insecure
i'm still immature i'm still extremely
insecure
to the point i mean there's a lot i left
out about you know just this school is a
rich school
so that's where a lot of my insecurities
came from where i felt like i need to
lie about what i have in order to be
accepted
you know why about a car or a house or
who owns what
and it stems from this school but
anyways
senior year comes around i still
remember the group of kids that would
bully me right
um it was pretty much the football team
right and
that the head of it all his name was
ethan
right now i think he's like in hollywood
somewhere like uh
he's best friends with like the brother
of
emma stone emma stone his brother
spencer and then i went to school
spencer and
i think freshman year emma emma's
brother spencer and spencer's best
friends ethan
and they kind of took him to hollywood
now they work there anyways though
so
so that's kind of what it was well
here's the thing
so emma was actually a very nice person
she's always been very
nice and very good like very mature very
nice so that's actually the surprising
part like
she was the like mature responsible one
she was cool
i only got like i think i only saw for
six months before she would transfer
schools to like a private school or
something but
her brother ended up transferring back
to our school
and he he had his bouts you know he was
half and half he was kind of embarrassed
to you know be around me i was the loser
he was the cool kid whatever
um how do i feel about that we'll get
into that a little later
but anyway so at the end of the school
year
i gave that background information just
to kind of add more credibility to it
all but
by credibility i mean how how well i
remember the events because the human
memory usually you know it's not too
good but anyways
so senior year comes around and
i've always been a very like blunt
person when it comes i just kind of
asked straight up things that people are
too like embarrassed for and it wasn't
always like this it kind of built up all
the way to senior year
so senora comes around and
i had a class at this english class and
my teacher was the football
like strategy coach
and all the players were my class at the
end they would hit me in class
and then the teacher would i think
relive his the high school experience he
thinks he deserved through being a
teacher and
giving the cool kids a pass and getting
me in trouble for getting hit and
retaliating
um sometimes school year ended and i
ended up asking this guy
this this ethan guy like why
did they hate me right and i remember
actually there was one big thing i
remember they would so ethan
his girlfriend worked in the student
yearbook so in like the student council
yearbook
and this was the worst part for me i
think that wasn't the worst part it was
one of the bad parts that to this day
remember
every year book i had i would rip out
two pages
and i would cry in my bathroom even at
the age i was at
because he would get his girlfriend to
add in
a page of just like just like clowning
on me just like
just rumors about me into like so like
in the sections where i'd say most
likely to be
they would put rumors into me and it was
the school joke and they would all
turn that page and laugh at me and point
and i would always rip that page out in
the bathroom and
flush it down and just cry but anyways
at the end of the year i asked uh
[ __ ] but anyways at the end of the
year i remember i asked them strip i was
like
like why like the [ __ ] like
you know what was all this for
and this was the first honest answer i
got
at least now that from what i know now
honest answer that i got
he said the reason that i
they hated me hear me out here okay and
we'll get to why i brought hafu up in a
second here and some others
he told me the reason they hated me and
the reason they felt they needed to
bully me is because they felt they
needed to bring me down a notch
literally word for
what you said earlier they need to bring
me down a notch they felt when i walked
into their school
they didn't like that i walked around
with my head up high they didn't like
the way i
talked confidently little did i know
this wasn't the case at all i was
insecure it's just part of
when i talk i have this deeper voice
right i might get a little passionate
and me walking my head up high what the
[ __ ] it to them if
like think about that i want you to
think about that
so i wasn't any of the things they
attributed to me
but because of the way i looked and the
way i walked
it's as if i owned the place and they
felt like they needed to bring me down a
notch
and that was that was the stem of my
bullying it wasn't even
anything that i had done to them it
wasn't anything that
i said or that actually disgusted them
it was the mere fact that i threatened
their
egos because of
walking with my head up high and
it that was the first time i didn't
understand it then but i understand
clearly now
and the reason i bring up hofu because
i'm sure they'll be pushed back on their
story a little bit
but recently um hof and i started
playing among us i'll skip back to
school and stuff in a second but half
and i started playing among us
and so she's actually a supporter of
mine i support her she's a friend now
and
i respect the hell out of it for
admitting this because i think a lot of
people feel this way but
it takes a certain confidence to admit
it
hafu literally said word for word what
ethan told me senior year of high school
she told me this like two weeks ago like
i was talking to her about
different groups why some groups don't
want me in there and she literally said
exactly what it is the looks thing you
kind of you kind of look like you know
you look
kind of scary the way you talk it's kind
of intimidating and aggressive
comes across as if you had to beat
everyone's ass like like
hearing that from her in the message
when i responded i'm like listen
i i like a piece of me
i just respected the hell out of her
because this is the vibe i get
time and time again from a lot of people
but that you you can't
what what man is going to admit that no
man it goes again if you feel that way
about me
it goes against the very thing to even
admit that because if you feel that way
about me in the first place it means
there's something that's being some
ego that's being triggered right some
insecurity
which contradicts the mere fact of ever
admitting oh well i don't like you
because
you kind of scare me right so no one
ever admits it but i think
that's like a deeper reflection of it
all right and i think that's why i'm
vilified i think that's why a lot of the
things that i do
are kind of devalued they're kind of
lessened
and i think so that's why i brought the
hawfu thing up just to kind of verify
the story that i was told in
senior year about by my bully
and yeah so that that was that and then
you know college came around and
same thing happened in college you know
went to college same [ __ ]
and then i got into the drugs and the
drugs were a crazy time
but i'll stop there so we can kind of go
over that stuff i mean
maybe now that i think about it maybe i
should have went deeper into the high
school bullying stuff
i feel like but whatever go ahead so
train first of all let me start by
saying
thank you so much for sharing man you
are a phenomenal storyteller
um really yeah oh thank you
you know it's interesting because i i
see you always make statements whenever
we talk about like you know
do you get what i'm saying do you hear
me i think train you're a very clear
communicator
i i think that you you capture the
essence of things
in a way that cannot be wrapped around
words
and so sometimes you have trouble
finding the words but i don't think
it's because you're so if we think about
it any word
is a false representation of a real
thing
true right agreed so i i think sometimes
you think you're communicating poorly
because you have trouble finding the
words and i think the reason you have
trouble finding the words is not because
you're dumb
it's because you're so close to the
truth that no word captures it
that's right i can't think of that's
that's exactly right i'm just like very
yeah like right and and but i don't
have i mean there's basically only been
once
during the last hour and a half where i
haven't been able to follow you and i
sort of told you right away
but i think for the most part like i
think you know even at the beginning
when you said i'm nervous i i don't
think i'm speaking clear i think you're
speaking very clearly
i think you tell you're a wonderful
storyteller
um i i think that you know your life has
a
a narrative to it for sure um
and and i think it's there's a lot of
authenticity there
there's a lot of truth there there's a
lot of pain there
and there are a lot of adaptations in
your story um
you know before we get into the drugs
because i i want to just
toss out a couple things one is that i
think maybe we should save drugs for
next time presuming there's an over time
i do want to share some thoughts with
you and i i want to kind of give you
i i'm curious what you think um i think
this is going to be a challenge because
at this point i feel
quite confident but that doesn't
necessarily mean i'm right but i
i wouldn't be surprised if you
[Music]
don't see things quite the way that i do
and
and the the main reason that i think
that like we should maybe talk about
this before we get to the drugs is i
suspect
something about the drugs has to do
with this right so when we think about
addiction
and we think about substance use
oftentimes the road to sobriety
is not through like focusing on the
addiction it's to focus
on the things that the addiction takes
advantage of
certainly there's like a neurochemical
maybe biological predisposition
or whatever fine but in my experience
literally as an addiction psychiatrist
it's [ __ ] like this
that when you figure this stuff out the
substance use gets way better
and if it's okay with you trained i'm
gonna just start talking
and feel free to jump in yeah go ahead
before
you fully go in actually i'll save the
drug thing yeah
for next time because the drug thing
isn't directly related to
that but it is a little bit anyways yeah
yes talk go away you talk go ahead just
go i find it hard to believe that it's
not going to be related because like
this is the story
it is and it's not but yeah okay sorry
yeah go ahead
okay so i'm gonna kind of go
chronologically
because that's the way that my notes are
maybe i can collect my thoughts better
but i think it'll hopefully come
together
okay cool so let's actually just start
with talking about narcissism for a
second
okay because i think it's actually an
important discussion so people talk
about
narcissism narcissists as people
right like we say that this person is a
narcissist
i don't think that's the right way to
think about narcissism i think the way
to think about narcissism
is that it's like a particular pattern
of mind that's in response to something
else
and specifically it's like a defense
against an attack and it's like a
protective mechanism
right when people put you down there's a
part of you that says no
i'm more than that right and everyone
hates me but i'm more than that i'm a
good person whatever
and i think part of the reason that that
streamers and i think is it's really
insightful
to me anyway i think it's nuanced the
way that you understand train that like
you know people exhibit
symptoms like streamers exhibit symptoms
of narcissism which aren't about them as
a person
they're not narcissists it's part of the
job something about streaming
in the world that we live in exhibits
that or
provokes that kind of behavior which i
agree with 100 and so maybe the reason i
think you're insightful is because we
agree
um but so i think a lot of what we see
in narcissistic behavior is because
frankly you guys get attacked a lot
right so
when does narcissism tend to crop up
it's when you get attacked
and if you look at celebrities and why
do celebrities and streamers and
influencers exhibit narcissistic
qualities
i think once you get into the public
face it's as simple as you get attacked
more and when you get attacked more
you have more narcissistic defenses
and and so i just wanted to kind of toss
that out because i i do think it makes
sense and
we're actually working on that and
trying to understand that and trying to
support
uh content creators better at healthy
gamer um
but then i want to get to the beginning
thing which is like this weird
insecurity that you have at the
beginning of our conversation in the way
that
you see yourself when you look when you
like see yourself right so you said i
feel insecure about the way that i talk
and when i look at myself i see some guy
who's falsely confident
right but i want you to just think about
how closely those are tied together
that's not actually what you look like
like that's absurd bro
what does false confidence even look
like you just look like you
your perception of false confidence
comes from your insecurity
like i think those are really the
perception of false confidence
comes from so it's what i'm it's what's
drilled in my head
people cannot be okay with me being a
confident person
so i try to look into i look at myself
and through their eyes
i completely but let's be clear
it's what you just said it's drilled
into your head which means that the
perception
of you being a falsely confident person
is coming from
your head it's not coming from the
outside world i don't doubt that it's
been
drilled into your head by external
events but this is something i want you
guys to really understand
is that external events happen and then
they drill into our head
but where they live is in your head
they don't actually live in the outside
world they don't live in the way that
other people continue to see you
once something drills into your head
that's where it lives
and i'm not saying that it's
inappropriate yeah that it got drilled
into your head
i think there's a so real quick to enter
in here
so it's not that it's drilled in my head
and i believe it it's that so when you
ask the question why
do you think people are scared of you
i'm trying to i'm tr when i answer that
it's not i'm answering it through
what they're telling me is that makes
sense it makes sense
but just let me finish so i i agree with
you so i was going to get to this where
i know you don't believe it
and yet you do and we'll get to that
because i i think it's really
interesting and i think it can be
kind of confusing but i i just want to
like highlight this point where like i
completely agree and if we listen to
your [ __ ] story man
clearly the world has been sending you
particular messages which i think
live there now because you even tell us
i'm really insecure
you say it all the [ __ ] time right
and so if we think about like why are
you so insecure
because you're also you're insecure and
you're confident at the same time
you really strike me as someone who has
a lot of genuine confidence
a lot of genuine compassion a lot of
genuine goodness
and a lot of genuine insecurity and that
seems like irreconcilable to most people
because they think that
you can't be confident and secure and
insecure at the same time
whereas i think that's the way most
people think they think it's like a
linear scale but it's not
yeah you can have parallel insecurity
with parallel confidence well i think to
go further i think in order to have
confidence
you must become one or you must become
or
you have to accept your insecurities
yeah so we'll talk about that
from the acceptance of insecurities and
the acceptance of imperfection right i
completely agree so i think your
confidence comes from the pers
acceptance of some insecurities but i
think there's other stuff down there
that is still affecting you in a
negative way which we'll get to
okay so we're gonna get to this idea of
like okay i'm vilified no matter what i
need
what i do so i'm gonna just actually
highlight a couple of things which i
think
exhibit narcissistic defenses i'm not
calling you a narcissist but it's just
like
when we're thinking about people who are
narcissists like what do they do right
so one is that yes
um you know one is that you say that
things are facts right like you say like
this is a fact
so so like it i mean sort of like yes
these events happened
but like you know your perceptions of
the way that people
perceive you you view as facts those are
not actually facts there are beliefs
that are supported by evidence
did a doctor actually come to you and
say
hey this guy has a protruding forehead
we need to do surgery and i'm like what
the [ __ ]
right and and so so that is a factual
thing but then
out of that experience train comes a
belief that lives in your mind
and then you start to think that that
belief is a fact
right because it's supported by so much
evidence people like you had this deep
voice
teachers told you and then you're coming
up to us and you're saying look at all
the evidence for what i believe
but oddly enough train i don't think
it's actually a fact
i think all of those things happen to
you and i want you to just
take a step out of your own shoes and
let's think about someone who thinks
that they're ugly for example right
right and like you talk to them and you
say like
bro you're not ugly but they're like no
this happened and then this happened
and then this happened and this happened
i'm telling you bro i'm ugly the entire
world has told me this there are so many
facts that make me
i know i'm ugly it's a fact it's not a
belief
right i'm fully on yeah i'm on same page
yeah
and so there are other things that you
tend to do which is like
you know i'm vilified no matter what
right and like that's kind of weird
because then you also make these
statements about
they need me to be something and like
you you talk a lot about what other
people like need you to be
and so there's a really tricky there's a
really subtle ground there which i i
genuinely trained i'm gonna say this
again i'm not just saying this is a
disclaimer i genuinely think you're like
an awesome compassionate
not narcissistic guy but i think that
you have an adaptation
in there that is absolutely something
like narcissism
but i don't i don't blame you for it i
think it's like just think about the
life that you've lived
unless you can be a little bit
narcissistic you would have been like
smashed to pieces i mean you were
smashed to pieces
yeah right and like it's the only way
that you can survive but that
lingers with you and we'll get to that
in a second because i think
that which has been adaptive for you is
now
starting to be maladapted and we'll get
to that
but it kind of like there's this really
tricky thing about like if you say i'm
vilified no matter what
they need me to be this in a sense
you gotta it's dangerous territory i'm
not saying you do this but i want i want
everyone who sort of thinks this kind of
stuff about themselves
so here's what i'm saying so like like i
think i was talking i don't know when we
left off so i'm gonna try to just recap
real quick
okay so like if you think about people
who have insecurities right they look
and they think
that like they call their insecurities
facts and what they do is they assemble
all this evidence
right and they say like oh but this
happened and then this happened and then
this happened and like that's why
like i'm not dumb for believing this
it's a fact
and i completely agree i don't think
you're dumb for believing it but let's
be clear that it's not necessarily a
fact it's just a belief
and it's a powerful belief it's a
justifiable belief but it's still a
belief
and and now i want to get to this idea
of like i'm vilified no matter what
because that's a really dangerous tight
rope to walk i
i sort of agree with what you're saying
but i think that there's a
potential for a different way to look at
it which is that when you start to say
i'm vilified no matter what it starts to
discount
who you actually are right you're saying
that the
the the connection between who i am and
how the world treats me
is completely independent and so the the
tricky thing there is if you start to
believe that about yourself
then in a weird way you start to become
you start to lack power over
into them and they chose to hate you
anyway so that got drilled into your
whole
your head and then you have that belief
that's swimming around which is like
you know like people don't
like me and i'm vilified no matter what
and the last thing that i want to kind
of point out here is that when you say
i'm vilified no matter what and you say
and i ask you
how do you feel about that you say it's
kind of funny
right if you really stop and think about
it like that's not funny at all
like if i if i am talking to a kid and
the kid says no matter what i do
my parents like hit me
i can't make them happy like that's not
funny
being vilified no matter what you do
like being i know you've like donated
and supported a bunch of streamers
you try to support your community you're
super authentic
like i think you're genuinely a good guy
and
and for you to be treated like that is
not funny
and and we kind of we kind of even hear
like how that happens because then you
say
i've adapted to it right i thrive off of
it
i've adapted to being hated it's fuel
for me
and you start to feel uncomfortable
when people like start to respect you
and and and that's where we get into
really
tricky territory because this is where
sometimes a hypothesis
could emerge here and one is that it
reminds me of something called the
repetition compulsion
which is like this idea that we tend to
like repeat things that are even kind of
bad for us
because we have this compulsion to do
something
over and over and over again and
what that means is that i i really
wonder actually whether you self
sabotage
and what you're kind of saying is that
like you know i felt really good after
doing this
this like fundraiser and you feel good
about yourself and then two days later
and then i ask you what happens after
that
and your response is i start to say
stupid stuff but i think in a weird way
i wonder whether what's going on is like
it's uncomfortable territory for you and
like
you're way more comfortable being hated
and we'll get to
why that is and we even said that right
like you said that like the
the hate fuels me and you kind of say
that if we listen to the narrative what
your narrative is is like
being hated has been my source of
triumph it's how i grew as a person
it's how i understand who i was it's how
i like learned strength
and like what my true value is it's also
how you support
other people because your message to
other people is that if life is not
treating you well and people aren't
treating you well
you can grow past that it's become such
a core aspect of who you are
to be hated and that your strength comes
from being hated
which begs a very important question
which we'll get to later which is like
what happens if you're not hated and
this is where i'm gonna give you a
little
spoiler right so like what is the one
thing train that i've said to you that
you have not liked
that you pity me absolutely
right and it's kind of weird because
like like why do i pity you like pity
that that comes from compassion it comes
from like
holy [ __ ] man do you just realize like
what your life is like
how is pity not an appropriate or fair
response
and i think the reason you hate it so
much is because like that it's a
different narrative
because if we respond to you with
compassion
then like this person that you become
comes tumbling down because this person
was born of hate
it's strength through adversity it's
triumph and you absolutely have man
don't get me wrong i'm with you 100
i think it's amazing what you've
accomplished because you could have
gotten turned into like a little piece
of nothing
you could have gotten bulldozed by the
world but you didn't
let that happen and the hate became part
of your fuel it became part of your
strength
and so if i try to be compassionate
towards you if i try to pity which like
frankly bro i mean come on like what do
you expect man
you don't think that you deserved pity
you don't think that you people didn't
mistreat you and of course you do and
this is why
i think these things can exist in
parallel
but i think it's challenging because if
i pity you then
the adaptation that you've created for
yourself doesn't hold anymore
and now it becomes really really
dangerous territory
and one of the things that just pops
into my head is like
what would have happened to you if you
were 15 and one person came up to you
and maybe this did happen
and we can explore that down the road
but it's just kind of a hypothesis i
still have other things i want to say
if one person came up to you and be like
man it's really shitty how other people
are treating you
you don't deserve to be treated this way
it's not your fault
i would take care of them to the end of
time to me that to me that's
to me that's loyalty and that's that's
just like decent that's being good
you say that right and if i but if i say
that to you if i say train you didn't
deserve that
i'm sorry this happened to you what's
your response to that
i would say i appreciate it but it's not
a big deal i got through it
exactly right so like that's what i'm
saying i i ask you hypothetically if
this had happened you say one thing
and then i actually say it to you and
your response is something else
do you see that
yes and it's really strange right like
it's like
like you expect one thing to happen but
you don't actually respond that way
you don't actually respond that way to
compassion
i mean you have because i think that's
why you treasure hafu so much is because
she said something to you that was
incredibly validating right
she said they treat you this way because
of what you like you know so
so we'll get we'll get there i think
it's just something we can explore down
the road
yep um
yeah i mean i i think that
yeah so like the other thing is that i
think we as twitch
we actually propagate a lot of this
stuff
in a way that is not good for you and
the best example that i can think of is
when you went to the bathroom
boy did we have a field day with it
right and i i think it's it's
interesting because you've become such a
strong person and you've learned how to
laugh it off
but i still think that like you know i
we're [ __ ] toxic to you man
right and that's not okay even though
you laugh it off like
when you go into the bathroom and people
make start making jokes about you
snorting lines of coke like
we all laugh about it right and it's
okay but i think on some level
that hurts on some level that hurts
you've just learned how to deal with
that hurt so well
and in fact as you've said you use that
hatred as fuel you use that hurt as fuel
and i know you're okay with it because
you joke about it but i think on
some level no you're right on some so
because i've started banning it recently
so i'm
if you're joking about it i'm cool with
the joke
the problem is there are people now that
they're using it as something to devalue
the work i put in right so those are the
people i'm trying to get away from so
like
if you use it as an inside joke within
the community i'm cool with it i
understand it you know it's funny i'm
going in the back you know every second
i'm coming back doing long streams it's
funny the problem is there are people
that are now
using it to devalue the work i put in
or devalue a lot of different things
that i do
and at the end of the day i know deep
down they know i'm not doing it but it's
what they
it's all they have to grab onto
that's negative at that moment they do
those are the people i try to get out of
the community i banned them from
misusing it does that make sense
i think that makes a lot of sense and i
still think that on some level
even the the more benign jokes
even if it's not intended to like hurt
and we're saying it all in good fun and
we take that cue from you
i think that you think things that are
like objectively painful
are kind of funny and i think that like
we need to be more careful and i'm
certainly going to be more careful
about joining in when you're
self-deprecating
right and if you really stop and think
about it and this happens a lot where
like
you put yourself down and then everyone
else puts you down too and then like you
guys all have a good laugh about it
and it feels protective but it at the
core of that
is like a tiny insecurity that people
are reinforcing
right it's kind of like if you're the
fat kid in the group and then everyone's
like oh ho ho this person is the fat kid
right and you're like ha ha because like
that's how we learn how to adapt right
we're like
if you can't beat them join them and
then you join them
in making fun of yourself and then like
you're still making fun of yourself but
you're not alone anymore right
at least you've got a team you guys are
all joking about something together
and that can feel really good it can
feel like you're not isolated anymore
it's why this dynamic happens all the
time
but at this end of the day there's still
a group of people yourself included
who are like making fun of you for being
fat
right on some level i really
hypothesize that there's something there
that's actually like we're bullying you
and you're
giving us permission to and there's
something about that that when i really
stop and think about it like i think
that needs to change
and can i can i just keep going
yes okay so the other thing that i want
to get to is like this this thing when
you punched someone
and then you suddenly became popular
right like you were crying in the
bathroom every day and then you punch
this kid and then suddenly you're the
hottest [ __ ] in the world
and like you rode that you took
advantage of it but i think that
actually sends a really dangerous
message which goes back to
i'm vilified no matter what because then
you realize it's the same [ __ ]
message which is that
who i am as a person does not determine
how other people treat me
i'm vilified no matter what and i'm
respected for all the wrong reasons
both of them are very dangerous messages
one on with one you're on top and with
one you're on bottom
and one of them seems really positive
and one of them feels really toxic
i think they're both equally bad because
what
what that reinforced for you is that
respect
does not come from your actions
it doesn't come from your intentions it
doesn't come from what you do
it just comes from random ass [ __ ] and
hatred also comes from random ass [ __ ]
that is outside of my control
and so i think that's a dangerous mask
to reinforce
it's a dangerous world for you to have
i agreed and then
you know you kind of keep on talking
about like it happens all over like in
the ninth grade
and then like later on and with ethan or
whatever and so i think like these
themes about
you know who you are and how other
people appreciate you or how other
people treat you and who you truly are
there's like a fundamental disconnect
there
um and
and i think it puts you in a really
tricky spot because at this point like i
don't think you can take the mask off
i don't think you can stop being
adaptive in this way because
because like the the converse of it is
like terrifying
and i'm telling you train and i know
this is gonna be triggering for you but
like
i'm telling you like you deserve pity
man like what the [ __ ]
listen just think about the story that
you've told us
and imagine that someone in your view
you do these things you do these streams
where like your viewers call in
right and like they tell you and you try
to help them through their problems
and if anyone had told you this story
you would respond to them with
compassion and pity
but you'll be damned if anyone responds
to you that way
which goes back to narcissism because
you're different and this is really
interesting because
i think these things exist in parallel i
don't think they're actually like in
conflict
you recognize that you are a normal
person
and you believe that to the core of your
being you [ __ ] just like everyone else
you eat just like everyone else you have
good days and you have bad days just
like
everyone else but then parallel to that
is this overwhelming story that you have
in your mind that you're
not like everyone else and you have so
much evidence for that when other people
when someone looks at someone else and
it's the soda popping story right like
they get the benefit of the doubt but
you don't get the benefit of that you
got the sloping forehead they called you
t-rex
you know [ __ ] doctor told you to get
surgery on your forehead
and how can you say that you're like
everyone else because your entire life
you've been told
that you're different you've been judged
for being different
you've been judged for [ __ ] that you did
not do you've been judged unfairly
and how can you say like we are like
everyone else
and you tell us over and over and over
again that i'm different
right and like like so it's weird
because those
two things exist in in parallel as well
and and can i keep going
we good yeah okay please yeah so like
like then there's just a couple of other
just kind of random thoughts right like
at the height of the emotional bullying
you said i i
like when you were kind of talking about
it and you said like i was an idiot
right like when people were treating you
so bad you say i was an idiot i was dumb
and i was nice to them
and it was confusing to them and that's
that sort of like really rubs me the
wrong way because
i i don't doubt that on some level it's
stupid but like
i think there's something really
self-deprecating about
calling yourself an idiot when people
are being
vitriolic towards you you're saying i
was dumb because i was nice to them like
i think i don't think that was dumb i
think that's like
that's you your true character shining
through
and it's so devastating because this is
a time in your life where people are
treating you badly and you're like the
essence of like turning the other
cheek and trying to be nice to them and
trying to be like a good person and you
get punished for it
and holy [ __ ] what does that tell you
about goodness in the world
right it paints a really bleak picture
that you were nice to your abuser
and like that sounds like a [ __ ]
abusive relationship right where it's
like
you know someone abuses you and you're
like oh i'm so sorry like let me bake
you a cake
and and i think this is going to be hard
for you to hear because you don't
that's too victim card right like you
don't want to own
that you were a victim like you want to
own that you were a victim and you've
risen above it but you don't want anyone
spitting
and i i think that like this is really
tricky because like i think there's a
nuance here where
i wish you lived in a world train where
i could pity you
and still respect you and i think that's
what it comes down to
that i can pity you and i actually
respect you all the more because of what
happened
but don't take away my right to be
compassionate because you've been hurt
and that you didn't deserve it and that
the world does treat you differently and
that's
that's what's so [ __ ] heartbreaking
man is because
on the inside you're exactly the same as
everyone else and you keep telling us
that
over and over and over again and on the
outside
no one treats you like everyone else
your voice your stature and what is it
like to live a life where you
are like everyone else but no one treats
you like everyone else
where you're vilified no matter what
like if that doesn't deserve
pity and if that isn't heartbreaking and
if that isn't soul crushing i don't know
what is
and so this is where i i think the last
thing i've got like just one or two
other thoughts and one is like
this whole thing about devaluing pity
and you're like i don't want you all to
throw me a pity party and i was like bro
that's exactly what you deserve
if anyone on this earth deserves a pity
party it's you
right and like i wish you could
get to the point where like you could
understand that you deserve
pity and you deserve people saying like
man that sucks for you
that like even earlier i asked you like
what would you have said back then if
someone said you don't deserve this
you've been like i would attract to that
person forever and then when i say it
you're like i'm insulted
right that i mean it's it's like apples
and oranges because you won't
let us you won't let us say that to you
you reject it from us you don't want us
to throw a pity party
but this is the thing i i i want you to
understand this if you can
that if we throw you a pity party it
doesn't mean that
you we're devaluing any of your
accomplishments i think it's like
i think both of those can exist right we
can say train like
i mean you were [ __ ] bullied your
entire [ __ ] life
right and you had a lot of you have a
lot of things to be grateful for in life
you had really supportive parents you
had really awesome parents
right you can really like have a
supportive community and twitch loves
you
and at the same time like we can also
hold these two
contrary truths because you hold them in
yourself every day
that you're confident and you're
insecure you're genuinely confident
and you're a pile of insecurities and so
what i'd love for you to do is to
actually just be confident
to let go of those insecurities and i
think the reason you can't let go of
those insecurities
is because you've built a narrative of
yourself of like triumph
and hate is what propels me forward so
like you can't
get anything from us except for hate
because it's terrifying because if we
stop hating you then where does your
fuel come from where does your strength
come from
where does your triumph come from and
that's why you hate being pity because
we like
if we turn that hate into love then your
adaptive strategy in life gets no fuel
and where this becomes maladaptive is
that if you
propagate that hatred by saying an
off-color thing or things like that
and i think you really struggle with
this and we'll see maybe this is where
i'm really
walking on shaky ground is that like
that's your fuel right so i think on
some level you probably do some things
to self-sabotage
because that's what we do when we build
up adaptive mechanisms early in life
and we figure out okay hatred fuels me
like how on earth just think about that
completely hypothetically for a second
if i tell you train there's a guy
whose triumph and success and strength
and self-worth are born of hatred of
other people
do you think that person is going to do
something to evoke hatred
it's interesting possibly yeah because
that's how you fill up your gas tank
and i think if we think about moving
forward for you
right so i get that this is all a house
of cards that i'm building right so it
could be all [ __ ] wrong
so i accept that but if i think about
moving forward to you
for you i think that you've got to
understand that like some of these
conceptions that you have for the world
were absolutely what you needed to
survive
absolutely put you where you are today
and you can let them go what i
imagine is that when you were when you
went into middle school
you reached a river
and then you built this raft and you
used the raft to cross the river
and then you looked at yourself and you
said you know what without
that raft i would have never crossed
this river so now that you're on the
other bank you pick up the raft you put
it above your head and you start walking
and then people like train why are you
carrying that raft around and you're
like without the raft i would have never
crossed the river and it's like
yeah man but you've crossed the river
you don't need it anymore
you don't need to have your strength be
fueled by hatred of other people
because you have intrinsic value that is
so much more than that
you don't need their hate anymore
you've grown past it you just don't need
it like you're amazing because of who
you are
your strength may be born of hatred or
been fueled by hatred but now
that adaptation has become maladaptive
and i i don't know i don't know if you
self-sabotage yourself but like this is
the kind of thing
that leads to self-sabotage
hypothetically this is what i've seen
that you start to build a narrative
about yourself that is
positive and protective in so many ways
but is built on a foundation of
rot and you just think about i don't
know if you have kids or not but like
you think about your parents or you
think about the kids that you're gonna
have one day or the kids that you
already have
i don't know and do you like what would
your dad say or what would your mom say
if you said you know i need hatred to
succeed
and would they want that kind of life
because here's the crazy thing train
here's the crazy thing
i think that your strength is not born
of hatred
i think your strength is just you baby
it's just you
and it's not that the hatred is where
your strength comes from
it's that you're so [ __ ] strong and
hatred was so ubiquitous
for such a long part of your life that
you started to tie those two things
together
you got bullied over and over and over
again
and you rose above it and so then you
look back and you say without hatred i
would be nother
whereas i say you were something before
that hatred and the hatred tried to
knock you down and it failed
and i think the more that you start to
think in that way the more you realize
you don't need hatred
you don't need to be provocative and i
think i you know that right and like
this is the weird thing is that
the crazy thing is that you have within
you
two trains right one is the train that
we all see
and one is the train who walked into the
sixth grade
with your shoes and your glasses and
whatnot that
kid you carry that kid with you and
that's your insecurity
the kid who walked up to your friend and
said hey can i eat lunch with you he's
like you don't get to eat lunch with us
when you look at your an image of
yourself and you see false confidence
that's the kid who's who gives you that
impression
i don't see false confidence i see real
confidence
that's the kid that i protect yeah does
that make sense
absolutely that's the kid that i have to
be strong for right
so it doesn't happen to other does that
mean so like i am
i see myself as a i don't know
so here's the problem train when you
protect that kid
that kid can never get confident in
themselves
yeah you fight that battle for that kid
you've got to stop protecting that kid
that kid is stronger than you think
but you never give him a chance that's
what i'm saying
you think you have to protect that kid
is the source of your strength man it's
not hatred
he's the one who's been strong from the
beginning
and the only problem is that kid doesn't
know that he doesn't need your help
because you never give him a chance to
like explore it you never let him play
on the field so he never realizes what
he's good at
all he sees is himself is that i'm the
kid who's in the bathroom
bathroom and i've got train the guy who
broke that guy's nose
he's going to protect me and you're both
of those people
but he's stronger than you no because
he's [ __ ] you
those are the same kid yep
you don't need to protect him he doesn't
need your protection
i know it's weird that's what i've got
yeah that was about yeah
yeah yes yes
yeah yeah yeah i mean
it's yeah you know
it's it's not that i don't think the kid
that kid is weak it's that
i know i was that kid and i know what i
went through
to get to who i am today
and it's not that i use hate as fuel
it's that i know how to
transfer it into positivity
because of the love my parents gave me
so i got so even though
when i was bullied i was loved equally
or greater by my parents at home
without their love i would probably
become some sort of [ __ ] serial
killer by now with how much i was pushed
around right
so it's their love that that's why you
s that's why you see so many parallels
that are completely contradictory to
each other
it's because at home my parents gave me
everything
that they could every like they gave me
love greater than love itself
and then at school i got
the darkest of hate so
that's where the two sides built up
these two polarizing sides where i saw
society for what it was in that moment
and i saw what controlled it what
manipulated it one punch
suddenly i'm the greatest human being
and any any deed i do
is seen as you know the hero the hero we
need
but before i could do the greatest of
things and i'm a [ __ ] loser
but because i punch what the right kid
in the nose i am the hero we need i am
for the people
and that is just the most disgusting way
and it just that's just the way i see
that today
still though today to this very day that
is
how i see society work that is how i see
the general public accept
different people and it makes
no sense to me so it's not the fact that
i'm carrying this around
for no reason everything that happened
to me in that day
in those days it's not that it's still
happening to me it changes that i
see that it's that's how people are
operating train train bro
right exactly so let me let me just
repeat to you what you said
it's not that i'm carrying it around for
no reason
you're damn right and that's why it's
hard to put it down
because you have a really good reason
you learned a lot about the world and
that's why it's hard to move let it go
right because you have like i s like
that's it man and i i don't know how
like
i think your your conception of yourself
is perfect like you're right
i think you you saw
unconditional love on one side and
unconditional hate on the other
and those were polar opposites and i
think what you've got to do is like
learn to integrate and very simply
very simply train you could say whatever
you want to you can hypothesize
psychoanalyze whatever
at the end of the day if you cannot
accept the pity and compassion of
another person
that's a problem
i i can't accept it under one thing
though
i and this could be crazy but i don't
think it is
i i can accept pity and compassion
if it's coming from someone that
understands but if i'm just accepting
pitting compassion for the sake of it
being the right thing to do
but there was no understanding i i find
that as
a cheap pity it's something that it's
it's not going to
the only way we fix what's going on is
through understanding what's going on so
if you want to have pity because you
understand what's going on
and that pity is coming from a place of
meaning
then i will accept that and i will be
very happy and i'll i'll take care of
you right because
that's that's very meaningful to me i've
never felt like i've ever deserved it
but if you see that and you feel that
then i appreciate that
but if it's just this you know i feel
like pity these days is like a [ __ ]
birthday card
right it's like no one actually means
the happy birthday man like hey
i'm happy you're here no one means that
it's just a happy birthday bro
i mean it's just like a thing that
you've been you know a programmed to say
every birthday regardless of if you even
know the [ __ ]
individual right there's a difference
between meaning it understanding it
being about it
than just saying it because you're
programmed to say because society's
programmed you to do it right
so it's that pity that i don't accept
because i know
they don't truly care or understand
what they mean when they're saying they
pity me for what's going on
right and it's that i don't want to
encourage or perpetuate that because
that is the
very problem that led me to be where i
am yeah yeah makes perfect sense so so
now we're going on to dangerous
territory and by dangerous territory
what i mean is that
i think we're quickly reaching the point
where the problem is subtle
and i'm going to amplify it but i don't
think it's a big problem
or arguably it is okay so like does that
make sense like
i'm going to make a mountain out of a
molehill here but i'm going to do it on
purpose
go ahead so the problem is that you got
to just really pay attention okay
because when you say
i can accept pity from someone who
understands makes perfect sense i'm with
you right
what's wrong with that that there's a
lot of false pity in the world and that
everything is like birthday cards
instead of like authentic it's like sort
of you know
virtue signaling kind of stuff i'm with
you there too
now why is this a problem for you it's a
problem because you got to remember
that like the
in your mind there's a fundamental
disconnect
between how the world perceives you and
how
you feel you are and you believe that
the world
fundamentally misperceives you and that
you're vilified no matter what
and some first impression yes and so the
real
challenge there is that coming from such
a skeptical
it's been drilled into you i love that
phrase it's been drilled into you
that people are going to misjudge you
and not give you the benefit of the
doubt
and the problem that with that is that
if you doubt
other people's judgments of you i think
there's a lot of
authentic pity and compassion that you
view as a birthday card
well well just to clarify i don't say
any of these things out right it'd be
very rude to like
discount someone's compassion but it's
just like it's kind of like a vibe you
feel right
i understand i'm not talking about you
saying anything what i'm saying is that
like like
so there's a there's a kid crying in the
bathroom
who still lingers in you and manifests
like he bubbles up
his insecurities right and what i'm
saying is like
i think that there's a layer i mean
you've done phenomenal training you've
done amazing
you've you're a statistical outlier so
you don't need to do anything else you
can just keep being you baby you're
beautiful
and at the same time i envision a world
where you could live with fewer of those
insecurities
i envision a world where that [ __ ]
relentless thought process of
self-judgment and sounding stupid
and are people following you and you
worrying so much of that or you could be
freed of that and you can just
talk right where you can understand that
like sometimes you're going to stay
stupid [ __ ] for for the most part what
comes out of your mouth
is like intelligent and understandable
and has value and people could see you
from that
that's what i'm talking about in terms
of forward momentum
to be free of that insecurity i'm not
saying the insecurity screws you
i'm not saying it holds you back from
succeeding in life i'm not saying that
you're not
you know you're you're a force for good
in spite of that insecurity
so right now your adaptation has been
so much in spite of something negative
right strength in spite of toxicity now
you think that this maybe the toxicity
fuels the strength i think it's in spite
of and what i'm saying is that
the next layer which is more subtle
because you're not you know you're not
unable to have a job and things like
that right
a lot of people like forward momentum is
like really concrete for them they need
to find a job they need to find a
relationship whatever i think you've
got a lot of stuff solved at least as
far as i can tell
but the next level this is challenging
is really more spiritual growth
it's about unburdening your mind of this
insecurity
and i think the way to do that has
something to do with accepting people's
pity
it has something to do with letting go
of the perception that people don't give
you the benefit of the doubt even though
it could be true
i don't doubt it's been true i mean
obviously right
but at the same time like you don't the
insecurity so so that can be true but
the conditioning
that that creates in your mind does not
have to be true
if that makes sense the external fact
in the world can be true but the
the scars that that does for you can be
let go
and that i feel very strongly right you
can be a physically
ugly person you can be someone that is
not
desired by people that you're attracted
to
and you can also let go you can accept
that fact
and still feel good about yourself
we all have weaknesses we all have
shortcomings
right like yes yes and like that can be
a factual statement of truth
without it creating like these scars in
your mind which you carry around
and that's what i want you to let go i'm
not going to dispute
that your voice is deep i'm not going to
dispute that you have a prominent
forehead in a prominent nose
you know i'm not going to disbe fine but
whatever that means to you i dispute
because disputing that is useless
me too that's why i don't change them
that's why i like the way they are
i think it's just me i'm stepping
outside of me
to explain to you what i think others
see it's not necessarily a pro so i
under so i understand like on a simple
level
why that would be a projection of my own
insecurities within
but here's why i believe it's not
so everything i told you of why i
believe others
feel the way they do about me isn't a
projection of insecurity of my
own things it's literally
five six years of trial and error
research like
in my research i mean like a
light-hearted like asking like yo what's
going on here what's up right like
does that make any sense it seems as if
it seems like
so for example the the example you gave
earlier of
you know calling the person fat or
whatever right it seems like
what is said about me or what i'm told i
am
that's negative if i accept it
then it's like okay good thank god he
sees it
if i don't accept it it's like oh you're
a terrible [ __ ] cocky narcissistic
person right
and then somebody else right let's go to
someone else that's uh not
in my shoes right if someone says
something terrible and they accept it
it's like no don't say that about
yourself you're good right that pity
naturally that instinctive pity of a
decent person
automatically turns on it's like no
don't say about yourself you're good
you're not this you're not that you're
not this
but in my situation from most of my
experiences
it's like i need to accept the fact that
i am this thing that people are telling
me
and if i don't then i'm some cocky evil
monster that needs to be put down a
notch
this is like countless time and time
again now do i have positive
reinforcement in my community yes do i
have positive people in my life yes do i
have
comments that are very nice to me one
hundred percent
i'm not referring to people who have
gotten the time to know me people that
gone
know me have said the things that you
say obviously on a much more like just
simpler level obviously
your assessment is flattering and very
nice and it's a lot more
complex and i like that but they do
support
it's i'm everything i'm referring to
i'm referring to the first time
impressioners i'm referring to first
impression
on this site and in this world first
is everything and what i'm saying is
there is no first impression that comes
from me
it's an automatically like thing it's
something that's just in their mind
it's like they look at me and it
automatically fears instilled within
them
and there's this this this thing where i
need to be brought down
instantly i need to be brought down a
notch this guy is too cocky
he thinks does that make any sense it
makes a lot of sense so train i'm gonna
have to get going because i have to
cover for we have a thing where we
train and i mean sorry support our
coaches so i have to do some coaching
support
round four then next week uh yeah two
weeks reach out to zank
but i want to just leave this with you
so i i don't get cool i don't disagree
at all because you're talking about
other people's impressions of you so
here's what i want you to look at
okay i'm not concerned about that yeah
what i'm concerned about and what i'd
love for you to pay attention to
is your reaction to that
it's your conditioning to that it's
how does it feel to be a human being who
walks this earth
and when people look at him you're like
a hunchback
oh complete [ __ ] yeah right and like
that's that's what we've gotta like
because
when you when you sit with like when you
kind of think about that like that's
the kid like i was like i gotta think
that there's some overlap between that
feeling
and like the way you felt when you're
when your friend tyler comes
turns to you and you oh no it's the same
feeling it's the same feeling yeah
you're right
it's it's a perfect overlap it's the
same exact feeling yes so here's the
crazy thing man
that feeling doesn't come from the way
that they look at you
that feeling is an echo of
tyler telling you that it's the feeling
that you carry with you that's the raft
my dude
so you're saying that no matter how much
people doubt me hate me or
whatever i don't need to feel the way
that i do i can just be like a [ __ ]
who gives a [ __ ] like are you saying i
can get to that point like
[ __ ] him it's not even oh [ __ ] em you're
not gonna have that reaction
that's the raft you're carrying you've
been carrying that raft
ever since you walked into the bathroom
and ate that lunch on the first day
you were judged unfairly that feeling of
unfair
judgment irrespective of how you look
not it's it's the raft bro and you can
set that down i know it's
mind-boggling but that's exactly what
i'm saying yes
you can live a life where you can meet
another person and the first thought in
your head is not oh [ __ ]
now i have to do this thing where
they're going to judge me and i have to
like wait until they get to know me
you can live a life that is
that's what i have to listen i have to
literally in these new groups
i have to like literally like i have to
like talk like this you're ready for
this i'm like
oh no you're good man like everything's
okay like i have to do that
otherwise i'm just automatically this
terrible [ __ ] right like i can't like
hey
my man that's not cutting it like that
suddenly is i'm at war but i'd be like
yo
you're good don't worry about it man
like everything's okay i do this like
reinforcement
low higher my pitch in my voice it's
this weird [ __ ] i don't understand it
but the fact that i do it and it works
proves everything that i'm saying like
what the [ __ ] yeah so so train i i just
understand how like frustrating that is
that like all this action
all of my actions are thrown out and
then
the entire cure to it all is to hire my
voice a little bit
come off less confident and suddenly i'm
a good person now
but all my actions that prove otherwise
to my physical features are irrelevant
they're thrown out it doesn't matter
dude do you
but as soon as i do something that makes
people feel better about that
yeah do you realize how shitty it is to
live a life
where instead of being yourself you have
to be some caricature of what you think
other people want
it's exhausting like what do you think i
mean when i say you're carrying a raft
around
it's heavy and you carry it every day
and what i'm telling you is if that
feeling is exactly the same
this is just the way the mind works it's
an echo
if you go back and you help that kid
that feeling
will dissolve like what do you think
processing a trauma
is like literally there's a field
of treatment for ptsd but doesn't that
but doesn't that in itself be
before we wrap up here doesn't that in
itself the mere fact
like even even if i put the raft down
let's put the raft down and i stopped
caring about it or stopped reacting to
it i want to ask you this question
that very effect that is coming from
what i just explained
how all of my actions are thrown out who
cares of the action it's about the talk
it's about how you present yourself in a
superficial form
that dictates whether people believe in
you trust you or like you like does that
itself kind of show you how primitive
and barbaric
we as humans are in a way like on a
certain layer like i can put the wrath
down as much as we want but it doesn't
change the fact
that this is the this is this is what is
resulting
right like this is happening how does it
i'll ask you for the third and final
time
how does it feel to be vilified no
matter what you do
it pisses me the [ __ ] off it's not funny
yeah no it pisses me the [ __ ] off it
legitimately pisses me off
right it makes me angry it makes me
angry
now it makes me mad yeah now we're
getting somewhere
yeah it makes me very very angry
no it's because what people want what
i'm sorry to cut you off what i hear
people
want is directly contradictory
to to to to their to their own
actions so let me explain what i mean by
that
right people want a world where they're
accepted people want a world
where you know good is done where
people are taken care of where people
are being nice to each other right
they want that but they don't realize
that they are the very
problem that is stopping them from
having what
they want themselves do you want to
train what's everything
to grow up in a world surrounded by
those kinds of people
but it's all of us every human being if
they came to this understanding
what's it like to grow up in a world
surrounded by other people like that
[ __ ] infuriating absolutely now we're
getting somewhere
but i can't do anything about it so
that's why i just try to stay consistent
with my actions
and in the back of my mind i keep that
haters
i do not accept that you can't do
anything about it
well i do slang about it but what i'm
saying is i can't
insert it into their minds like they're
going to learn in 20 years of time
you don't need to do [ __ ] in their minds
solving this problem comes from here
it comes from you i know it sounds
absolutely crazy
but i guess we're gonna have to have
this con finish this conversation later
so i'll just leave you with that and i
think if you feel fury now we're getting
somewhere
right because that's a feeling that's
buried beneath all the niceness towards
the
the bullies that treated you that way
and like that's it's there bro and like
you got to let that that's a raft you've
been carrying around for a long time
hovered by yeah
this is if you want to know the truth
the unboxing of how i feel
put into this like metaphor or analogy
this is what it is
okay who i am is the kid
before the kid that i was before i
punched that kid in the face
i am that kid the one before the punch
right
the kid that punched in the face and
suddenly
got all the credibility is what i see
so many people in today's world as
right for some reason they
there's something that they have or they
get that gives them
all the credibility but they they have
none of the actual intention
or action that like solidifies
what people think they are and no one
cares
that there is no action it's like the
talk is enough but then all of their
philosophies are
action is greater than talk but they
don't like they don't hold that
accountable for anyone that they are
already like
hi it's so hard for me to explain this
like what i'm trying to do a great job
what i'm trying to say is it seems like
the people
who are punching in the face the people
who are somehow the cool kid
they're still winning and in the genuine
good that are actually doing good
through
action they may look ugly they may look
terrible they may
look evil they may say a couple of cuss
words and [ __ ] yous and
suck my [ __ ] but they're the ones that
are
the heroes are the tr the heroes in
today's world that are brought up
are the true villains and the villains
that are seen
as villains are the true heroes and it's
that mere it's
it's that that is why our world where is
where it is but no one sees it
does it do does that under do you
understand it's like so
i'm going to ask you a question and then
you tell me whether i understand okay
i'm not it's going to be hard because i
i really have to go but
yeah how does it feel to be to try to be
a good person in the world and to be
vilified for it
right it feels
honestly this is what it feels like
every day
i continue to do what i do regardless of
being vilified because i'm wired that
way
it's just how i am but
it's
it's disheartening but
i i don't know i'm just okay so so this
is like
we'll get there right so this is what
we've got to explore
yeah yeah anyway i don't know yeah i
gotta run change
really i'm sorry i have to cover for
someone else's vacation but okay cool
i think we're actually at a good
stopping point i'm sure i think we are
too
but yeah we'll come back to this exact
point okay
can someone check well real quick can
someone in chat clip this
best idea if someone clips this last 56
seconds
next show we can we can play it and see
where we left off
exactly train it so let me yeah okay we
can do that but i i think we're going to
get here
don't worry however we get here wherever
we start train we're going to come back
here okay this is this is who you are
this is how you see the world and it's
gonna
it's gonna shine through we can talk
about whatever you want to and we'll get
back here
okay so thanks a lot man absolutely
loved it i think
incredibly courageous of you i think um
you know to do this i think personally
i'm going to be a little bit more
careful
about uh you know taking a jab at you
and and making fun of you
oh it's all in good fun nah you're good
believe me you're completely good
you can do all jabs all everything the
only thing i ask of you if you do
is listen you jab at me i'm jumping back
yeah fair enough right okay cool as long
as that's okay i'm cool with it
okay well listen seriously man i i think
it's awesome what you've
accomplished given where you come from
and stuff like that and
and i really do think that you can be
more free
you can be more free than you are
absolutely possible maybe
and we'll try to figure that out next
time so good luck to you
round four youtube brother are you
streaming now are you still streaming
are you gonna stop um i'm gonna go live
in like 30 40 minutes
okay okay take care yeah bye all right
you too brother i'll talk to you soon